README.md, before:

# Rasa Helpdesk Assistant Demo
![Lint and Test](https://github.com/RasaHQ/helpdesk-assistant/workflows/Lint%20and%20Test/badge.svg)

Basic demo use case showing Rasa with Service Now API calls to open incidents.  You can get your own free Service Now Developer instance to test this with [here](https://developer.servicenow.com/app.do#!/home)

# Setup locally with Python
Also note how we are setting 3 exports, these are used in the script to connect to your service now instance.

`snow_instance` - This is just the instance address, you don't need the leading https.

`snow_user` - The username of the service account this action code will use to open a incident.

`snow_pw` - The password of the service account this action code will use to open a incident.

Setup a virtualenv of your choice ensuring to use python3 then run the following in seperate terminal/shell windows:

Terminal 1 - Action Server
```
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
deactivate
source venv/bin/activate
rasa run actions --actions actions
```

Terminal 2 - Duckling for Email Extraction
```
docker run -p 8000:8000 rasa/duckling
```

Terminal 3 - Rasa Shell
```
source venv/bin/activate
export SNOW_INSTANCE=devxxx.service-now.com
export SNOW_USER=user
export SNOW_PW=password
rasa run shell
```

**You have to deactivate after installation due to tensorflow and other libraries requiring it to start working**


# Docker Deployment Information
TODO

# Screenshot Example
![Screenshot](https://github.com/RasaHQ/helpdesk-assistant/blob/master/screenshots/demo_ss.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

removing print statements and adding a local mode option to test assistant without snow

README.md, after:

# Rasa Helpdesk Assistant Demo
![Lint and Test](https://github.com/RasaHQ/helpdesk-assistant/workflows/Lint%20and%20Test/badge.svg)

Basic demo use case showing Rasa with Service Now API calls to open incidents.  You can get your own free Service Now Developer instance to test this with [here](https://developer.servicenow.com/app.do#!/home)

# Setup locally with Python
Also note how we are setting 3 exports, these are used in the script to connect to your service now instance.

`snow_instance` - This is just the instance address, you don't need the leading https.

`snow_user` - The username of the service account this action code will use to open a incident.

`snow_pw` - The password of the service account this action code will use to open a incident.

`local_mode` - You can set this to `True` and the action server will not reach out to a Service Now instance, instead it will just take all the data in and message out the information that would normally be sent.

Setup a virtualenv of your choice ensuring to use python3 then run the following in seperate terminal/shell windows:

Terminal 1 - Action Server
```
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
deactivate
source venv/bin/activate
rasa run actions --actions actions
```

Terminal 2 - Duckling for Email Extraction
```
docker run -p 8000:8000 rasa/duckling
```

Terminal 3 - Rasa Shell
```
source venv/bin/activate
export SNOW_INSTANCE=devxxx.service-now.com
export SNOW_USER=user
export SNOW_PW=password
rasa run shell
```

**You have to deactivate after installation due to tensorflow and other libraries requiring it to start working**


# Docker Deployment Information
TODO

# Screenshot Example
![Screenshot](https://github.com/RasaHQ/helpdesk-assistant/blob/master/screenshots/demo_ss.png?raw=true)
