data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?

## intent:open_incident
- I need to open an incident
- Can you open a case for me
- I have an issue I need to open a incident for
- open incident
- can you help me open a incident please
- I want to open a new incident
- I want to open a incident
- I'm having a weird issue.

## intent:inform
- my email is test@example.com
- my email is abraham.lincoln@example.com
- abraham.licoln@example.com
- it is abraham.licoln@example.com
- abraham.lincolon@example.com
- I need help resetting my password
- Reset my password
- Application won't install
- my outlook application won't open
- Application will not open
- reset my password
- I need to reset my password
- [low](priority)
- [medium](priority)
- [high](priority)
- it should be a [low](priority) priority
- it should be [medium](priority)
- [escalated](priority)
- [super high](priority)
- Fridge Isn't Running

## intent:out_of_scope
- what is the square root of 5
- I want to know the weather
- what is the meaning of life.

Commit message:

cleaning up a few things in training data and allowing for password reset and open ended incident creation based on question asked

data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?

## intent:password_reset
- need to reset my password
- need help resetting my password
- I can't reset my password
- need help with my password
- having issues resetting my password
- freaking password won't work

## intent:open_incident
- I need to open an incident
- Can you open a case for me
- I have an issue I need to open a incident for
- open incident
- can you help me open a incident please
- I want to open a new incident
- I want to open a incident
- I'm having a weird issue.
- I'm having a problem
- I'm having a issue I need to open a incident for.
- I have a issue I need to open a case for.

## intent:help
- I need help
- what can you help me with
- can you help me
- what can you do
- I need some help

## intent:inform
- my email is test@example.com
- my email is abraham.lincoln@example.com
- abraham.licoln@example.com
- it is abraham.licoln@example.com
- abraham.lincolon@example.com
- Application won't install
- my outlook application won't open
- I'm having issues with outlook.
- Application will not open
- [low](priority)
- [medium](priority)
- [high](priority)
- it should be a [low](priority) priority
- it should be [medium](priority)
- [escalated](priority)
- [super high](priority)
- Fridge Isn't Running

## intent:out_of_scope
- what is the square root of 5
- I want to know the weather
- what is the meaning of life.
